README.md, before:

# open-source

> 🔦 Discover the open source ecosystem related to the Dominican Republic!
> This project is inpired by [opensource](https://github.com/developersdo/opensource/) developer by [rmariuzzo](https://github.com/rmariuzzo)

## Motivation

We just want to replicate all the features that [opensource](https://github.com/developersdo/opensource/) has just for fun and at the same time introduce more people to the open-source community. This is an excellent project for someone who wants to learn Vue.
The source in order to make this work will be:

1. https://developersdo.github.io/opensource/data/repos.json
2. https://developersdo.github.io/opensource/data/users.json

If you want to join the community here is the link.

[![WhatsApp](https://i.imgur.com/ewvbbzu.png)](https://chat.whatsapp.com/L5rFQpme22IHmmyOMI1MWA)

## Project setup

```
npm install
```

### Compiles and hot-reloads for development

```
npm run serve
```

### Compiles and minifies for production

```
npm run build
```

### Run your unit tests

```
npm run test:unit
```

### Lints and fixes files

```
npm run lint
```

### Customize configuration

See [Configuration Reference](https://cli.vuejs.org/config/).

Commit message:

Add vue-material to the readme

README.md, after:

# open-source

> 🔦 Discover the open source ecosystem related to the Dominican Republic!
> This project is inpired by [opensource](https://github.com/developersdo/opensource/) developer by [rmariuzzo](https://github.com/rmariuzzo)

## Motivation

We just want to replicate all the features that [opensource](https://github.com/developersdo/opensource/) has just for fun and at the same time introduce more people to the open-source community. This is an excellent project for someone who wants to learn Vue.
The source in order to make this work will be:

1. https://developersdo.github.io/opensource/data/repos.json
2. https://developersdo.github.io/opensource/data/users.json

If you want to join the community here is the link.

[![WhatsApp](https://i.imgur.com/ewvbbzu.png)](https://chat.whatsapp.com/L5rFQpme22IHmmyOMI1MWA)

## Notes
We're using [Vue-Material](https://vuematerial.io/) to bootstrap the project.

## Project setup

```
npm install
```

### Compiles and hot-reloads for development

```
npm run serve
```

### Compiles and minifies for production

```
npm run build
```

### Run your unit tests

```
npm run test:unit
```

### Lints and fixes files

```
npm run lint
```

### Customize configuration

See [Configuration Reference](https://cli.vuejs.org/config/).
